fix(providers): Correct http-client provider README, reference hyper instead of reqwest (#2176)
wasmCloud/wasmCloud: crates/provider-http-client/README.md

# HTTP Client Capability Provider

> This capability provider implements the `wasmcloud:httpclient` capability contract, and enables an component to make outgoing HTTP(s) requests. It is implemented in Rust using the [hyper](https://hyper.rs/) library.

Reviewer: While we're here 😄 
```suggestion
This capability provider implements the `wasi:http/outgoing-handler` interface, and enables an component to make outgoing HTTP(s) requests. It is implemented in Rust using the [hyper](https://hyper.rs/) library.
```
